<p>This is a website comprising of basic html and css know how. In the html document i opened up with a doctype then the html element, sundwitched in the html element are the head and body. Under the body i have the document title and a couple of links, in the links i have css link which enable styling changes done to the otherwise plain looking index.html document which were reflected on the page without having to crowd and complicate the .html file with inline styling. I embeded an icon link to help ship in icons that are not readly available in vs code. i went a head and imported google font link to help me apply a font family that was not localy available. In the body i deployed a couple of html elements from block elements, inline elements, empty elements to parent and child elements to mention afew. I the body i opened up with h1 as a logo, i went ahead and used bold in the h1 content to help style the h1 in two different sections, from there i created a navigation bar to help in navigting the webpage, in the nav_bar i deployed the use of ul and li changed the display and list style of bothe the ul li respectively, i then moved to the next section where i opened up with a div which i used as a container, in the container i had written content, which was basically header and paragraphs, and an image content. The parent div i styled to display flex which ment everything in it inherited the style but since i wanted the written content in a block display i wrapt the written content in a div making everthing in it inherite the  display block while the image content still remained flex, the image content i also wrapt in a div and styled the background with the image i wanted. the following sections of the body was just a repeat of this section with the difference araising in making the written content come ahead of the image content in the html document. In my css folder i had name selectors, class selectors ,id selectors etc i also employed the use of a box madule and adhered to the css rule.</p>
<h1>Live LIink</h1>
<p>git page https://kpine-mo.github.io/Independent-Project-001/</p>
<h1>technologies used</h1>
<p>HTML</p>
<p>CSS</p>
<h1>Contact Infomation</h1>
<p>chrispine.oduor@student.moringaschool.com</p>